Introduction
------------

This project allows for creating norming classes.

Links
-----

- Download: https://pypi.org/project/norming/#files
- Index: https://pypi.org/project/norming/
- Source: https://github.com/johannes-programming/norming/
- Website: https://norming.johannes-programming.online/

Installation
------------

To install norming, you can use pip. Open your terminal and run:

.. code-block:: shell

    pip install norming

Features
--------

``class Norming(*args: Any, **kwargs: Any)``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The instances of this class are designed as decorators which in turn create new classes from functions. These new classes are created with the *args and **kwargs from the construction of the Norming decorator. The __new__ functions within the new classes pass their parameters to the function that was originally decorated. The resulting return is in turn passed to the parental __new__ function. This setup is particularly useful for creating children of immutable classes with restricted freedom, e.g. named tuples of two integer values.

``__call__(norm: Callable) -> type``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This magic method implements the calling of the current instance. It is designed to function as a decorator for a function.

``norming.test()``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This project can be tested through its test function.

.. code-block:: python

    import norming
    norming.test()

License
-------

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Impressum
---------

**Johannes Programming**

- Name: Johannes
- Email: johannes.programming@gmail.com
- Homepage: https://www.johannes-programming.online/
- Gravatar: https://www.johannes-programming.fyi/